Rudimentary start of K0  test descriptions in README.md files (#11325)
KratosMultiphysics/Kratos: applications/GeoMechanicsApplication/tests/test_k0_procedure_process/test_k0_procedure_k0_nc_skew_layers/README.md

> # Test k0 procedure normal consolidation with skew layers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Test K<sub>0</sub> procedure normal consolidation with skew layers
```

**Author:** [Wijtze Pieter Kikstra](https://github.com/WPK4FEM)

## Case Specification

> A test for the K0 procedure process. Vertical effective stresses in the column of soil of soil layers follow from soil layer density, gravity constant, vertical distance to the surface and the presence of pore water pressure. The soil layers are positioned at an angle deviating from horizontal. Horizontal effective stresses are derived from the vertical effective stresses by multiplication with K0_NC and checked at an integration point near the bottoms of the soil layers. As the layers deviate from horizontal, the resulting horizontal stress field is not in equilibrium.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A test for the K<sub>0</sub> procedure process. Vertical effective stresses in the column of soil of soil layers follow from soil layer density, gravity constant, vertical distance to the surface and the presence of pore water pressure. The soil layers are positioned at an angle deviating from horizontal. Horizontal effective stresses are derived from the vertical effective stresses by multiplication with K<sub>0,NC</sub> and checked at an integration point near the bottoms of the soil layers. As the layers deviate from horizontal, the resulting horizontal stress field is not in equilibrium.
```
